docs: add contributing page (#1911)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/marketing/contributing.md

# Contributing

NgRx is a community-maintained project that thrives due to the contributions of fellow developers. Whether it be documentation, issues, features, or tests, all contributions help this project in a meaningful way. This page serves as a "Getting Started Guide" on how to contribute to NgRx in different areas. If you also want to donate or sponsor this project, visit our [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/ngrx) page.

## Prerequisites

- `yarn` - The NgRx library utilizes the `yarn` CLI tool. Please make sure that you have the latest stable release of `yarn` installed. For more information, visit the [Yarn Install Docs](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)

## Contributing to the Docs and NgRx.io Website

### Folder Structure

> Source code for the NgRx docs and the ngrx.io website exist under the `projects/ngrx.io/content` folder. If you are planning to contribute features and/or bug fixes relating to the docs or the website, chances are the code will be found there. The structure is split up between the following subfolders and key files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source code for the NgRx docs and the ngrx.io website exist under the `projects/ngrx.io/content` folder. If you are planning to contribute features and/or bug fixes relating to the docs or the website, the code is there. The structure is split up between the following subfolders and key files:
```

- `projects/ngrx.io/content/examples` - Code examples referenced on the website and in the docs should be placed under this folder
- `projects/ngrx.io/content/guide` - The majority of official NgRx documentation exists under this folder. There are sub-folders for each module.
- `projects/ngrx.io/content/marketing` - The majority of the additional website pages such as resources, events, about the NgRx team exist under this folder.
- `projects/ngrx/io/content/events.json` - The Events page dynamically displays two tables, one for Past Events and one for Present events based on the contents of this file.
- `projects/ngrx/io/content/resources.json` - The Resources page dynamically displays a list of NgRx resources based on the contents of this file.
- `projects/ngrx/io/content/navigation.json` - All of the navigation and menus on the website and docs are populated from this JSON file. If a new page is being added or adjusted make sure to update this file as well.

### Submission Guidelines

> The NgRx team strives for excellence when it comes to documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NgRx team values quality documentation as a way to help new and existing users understand and use features of the platform. The guidelines below help to ensure that quality for our users.
```

- Documentation should be free of typos, grammatical errors, slang, and vagueness. 
- When contributing, please take special care to ensure that all new copy has been spell-checked and run through a third-party grammar checking service. This will speed up the time to merge, as well as, save time for the maintainers reviewing the PR.
- Confirm that all commit messages adhere to the [Commit Message Guidelines](#commit)

### Setup

To ensure the correct project dependencies are installed, please run the following command before each new pull request (PR) is submitted. This command should be run from the `projects/ngrx.io` folder.

```sh
yarn setup
```

### Running Locally

It is recommended to run the docs and website locally before pushing commits to PR's. A `yarn` script is provided to launch the docs locally, watch for changes and reload automatically. The following command will do this all at once:

```sh
yarn serve-and-sync
```

After running this command, an instance of the website and docs will be available at `http://localhost:4200`

## Contributing to the Library Modules

### Folder Structure

> Source code for the NgRx library exists under the `modules/` project folder. If you are planning to contribute features and/or bug fixes relating to the library, chances are the code will be found in one of the `modules` sub-folders. These sub-folders mirror, for the most part, the `npm` packages for `@ngrx/*`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source code for the NgRx library exists under the `modules/` project folder. If you are planning to contribute features and/or bug fixes relating to the library, the code is in one of the `modules` sub-folders. These sub-folders mirror, for the most part, the `npm` packages for `@ngrx/*`:
```

- `schematics` - NgRx provides a fully featured set of schematics. This folder will contain those schematics specific to each module for use with `ng add` and `ng generate`.
- `spec` - All unit tests for the given module will exist under this folder. 
- `src` - This folder contains the actual module API features including private utility functions. 
- `src\index.ts` - This file is responsible for providing the public API surface layer. Only public API methods and models are exported from here.

### Setup

To ensure the correct project dependencies are installed, please run the following command before each new pull request (PR) is submitted. This command should be run from the root project folder.

```sh
yarn
```

### Build

NgRx uses `Bazel` for builds. In order to build locally, please run the following command:

```sh
yarn build
```

### Testing

It is good practice to run the following command from the root project folder before pushing new commits.

```sh
yarn test
```

## Submitting Pull Requests

**Please follow these basic steps to simplify pull request reviews. If you don't you'll probably just be asked to anyway.**

- Please rebase your branch against the current master.

> - Run the `Setup` command to make sure your development dependencies are up-to-date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the `Setup` instructions to make sure your development dependencies are up-to-date.
```

- If you've added new functionality, **please** include tests which validate its behavior.
- Make reference to possible [issues](https://github.com/ngrx/platform/issues) on PR comment.

## Submitting bug reports

- Search through issues to see if a previous issue has already been reported and/or fixed.
- Provide a _small_ reproduction using a [StackBlitz project](https://stackblitz.com/edit/ngrx-seed) or a GitHub repository.
- Please detail the affected browser(s) and operating system(s).
- Please be sure to state which version of Angular, node and npm you're using.

## Submitting new features

- We value keeping the API surface small and concise, which factors into whether new features are accepted.
- Submit an issue with the prefix `RFC:` with your feature request.
- The feature will be discussed and considered.
- Once the PR is submitted, it will be reviewed and merged once approved.

## <a name="commit"></a> Commit Message Guidelines

We have very precise rules over how our git commit messages can be formatted. This leads to **more
readable messages** that are easy to follow when looking through the **project history**. But also,

> we use the git commit messages to **generate the NgRx change log**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we use the git commit messages to **generate the NgRx changelog**.
```

### Commit Message Format

Each commit message consists of a **header**, a **body** and a **footer**. The header has a special
format that includes a **type**, a **scope** and a **subject**:

```
<type>(<scope>): <subject>
<BLANK LINE>
<body>
<BLANK LINE>
<footer>
```

The **header** is mandatory and the **scope** of the header is optional.

Any line of the commit message cannot be longer 100 characters! This allows the message to be easier
to read on GitHub as well as in various git tools.

The footer should contain a [closing reference to an issue](https://help.github.com/articles/closing-issues-via-commit-messages/) if any.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
feat(router-store): add routerState config option

Closes #1834
```
```

Author: I believe I have updated this one as requested, can you confirm?

Reviewer: 👍

Samples: (even more [samples](https://github.com/ngrx/platform/commits/master))

```

> docs(changelog): update changelog to beta.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docs: add new example to selectors guide
```

```

```

> fix(release): need to depend on latest rxjs and zone.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix(store): adjust mock store to handle selectors with props
```

> The version in our package.json gets copied to the one we publish, and users need the latest of these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
